The problem statement is you will be given an expression
and you have to check
If the parantheses in it is balanced or not.
So what is balanced parenthesis? For every opening bracket there
should be corresponding closing bracket and it should be properly
nested.
For example, in this expression for every opening bracket
there is one closing bracket and it is properly nested.
So this expression is balanced and this expression here is
unbalanced since for this new opening there is no closing
So your task is to write the logic for this
problem and submit it using the below compiler
See some sample inputs and corresponding outputs
If the input is this expression the expected output is one.
If the input is this expression the expected output is zero.